committee and the one he has to find the
American partha and that Amazon versus
pike
and I'm happy
so let's go on the journey
okay so amazon river and we came here to
thank the American crocodile you see you
know growth cycle close to you know
they're color-coordinated so yeah okay
so come on come on follow ups let's go
pirate parrot all right the old on the
left side of the world so come on
okay so we're on the left side and we're
spotting Omega crocodile okay sold a
minute take a good view of it
come on let's get it okay so look at as
your watch to us gosh you don't decide
okay so let's find her it's just up any
people it's just a crocodile hey do it
i'm just taking a stunt okay so it's a
problem you okay are you gonna help of
the night journey yeah okay what do you
need then they seem ok so this is this
is janay see she's gonna help us find
another real America crocodile oh that's
my mom it's lunchtime okay go tap on the
knee come on let's go find you a real
cowboy let's go find out real so hot to
hang when that ball had married come on
boom okay we found one in this way yeah
Luke is a crocodile let me hit it let me
touch it with this look look look just
tryna eat anything okay that's hacking
let's attacking look look oh my god I
can't believe it she died okay
so I'm the only one left it's all that
will thank you for watching hey good
night so this amazing Cindy Eddie and I
you and I and the video taper which is
the producer is some money so hey for
the poppy Deb